You set up OpenClaw on Telegram. You
talk to one agent and that's cool. You
move it over to Discord and still the
same thing, one agent. But Discord can
do so much more than that. Here is how
you actually set it up to manage a full
agent team. Look at my Discord channel
which is connected to my open claw. Here
you see the icon is my HQ mission
control and you will see here I have a
lot of channels working. Here you see my
agents and I have a direct channel to
each of my agent Ivy, Nexus, Mr. X and
Nox. This is how I can manage a multi-
aent AI team.
What's up everyone? I'm Nino and welcome
back to Vibe with AI. Before I get into
it, a quick thank you. Last week I had
160 subscribers. I'm now at 560. That
openclaw video hit over 11,000 views. I
didn't expect that at all. And
generally, thank you for all the support
and comments and subscribers. If you
have been following along the series,
you know that I have a team of five
agents running 24/7 on my Mac Mini,
Henry, my chief of staff, Nexus, my CTO,
Ivy, my researcher, and Nox, my security
officer, and Mr. X on social media. A
lot of you have asked about the Discord
setup. How do I actually get five
separate agents into one server, each
looking and acting like a different team
member? That's today's episode. To dive
into my Discord setup, you quickly also
have to understand my current setup with
my agents. I am the founder and CEO.
Henry is my chief of staff. Henry is my
main bot or AI agent that was set up
with Open Clown. I talked directly to
him all the time through Telegram, also
through Discord. He was the first bot I
invited to Discord and he created my sub
agent Nexus, Ivy, Nox and Mistakes. Each
of them are department heads and they
push their own department forward.
Important here, those are also
persistent agents. So if you don't want
to set up a sub agent that only gets
called when executing a task, but you
want to create agents that are awake
24/7, that have a heartbeat, they wake
up continuously. think proactively and
push your project forward. You need to
tell your main bot, your main agent to
set up persistent agents. That's a setup
OpenClaw supports. And every agent that
is listed under this persistent tag
would be an agent that can wake up or
can run 24/7. What you want to instill
in each of those agents is a heartbeat
MD. Tell it to wake up every half an
hour, every 45 minutes, every hour,
whatever you want. You can make them
check the taskboard if there is any task
that have been added to the taskboard
that they could do. You could tell them
to think proactively about the next
project or execute tasks three four
times a day that pushes your project
forward. I think those are the most
important tips to install productivity,
install persistent agent that lead a
department and look they have already
sub agents here to do certain tasks. But
those four agent they think about it
multiple times a day how they can push
me forward. They have meetings with
Henry chief of staff and they lead
actively their department. So now in
Telegram I could only talk to Henry.
Hence I moved the conversation over to
Discord. When you connect OpenCloud to
discord the first thing what happens is
that you would only talk to Henry and
you wouldn't be able to talk to all of
your different agents. So now let's look
how I set this up precisely. You can see
here when I go to mission control and go
to server settings and I go to members,
you will see that Mr. X, Nox, Ivy,
Nexus, Henry, OpenClaw, and myself are
all basically invited to my server
individually. And how you do that, you
go to a URL that is
discord.com/developers
and you will get to a page that looks
like this. You can see here I created
five different applications which is
Henry, Nexus, Ivy, Nox, and Mr. Eggs.
And I set them all up as separate
application and then added them to my
Discord. How this works? You go to new
application. I call the app example
agent
and you can obviously add the name your
agent has by clicking here. You agree to
the Discord developer terms and you
click create.
You confirm that you're human and then
you get to the setting. Here again you
can change the name but that is not
important for now. What you will have to
do is you have to go to the bot settings
and here you have to go down to the
privileges gateway intent and you need
to toggle on the server member intent so
it can see all the members that your
application or your bot and message
content intent so it can actually read
and write messages. So that's step
number one. Go to bot privileges gateway
and toggle those two on. You click on
save changes.
There you go. Step number two, you go to
OOTH 2. So in the O section, O2 section,
you will create a URL with your
settings. And then when you open the
URL, you'll be able to invite that
particular bot or application to your
discord server. So here we scopes, we're
clicking on bot. When you click on bot,
you will get bot permissions. And then
the general permissions that you want to
give your bot are few channel,
send message,
and read message history.
This would be the three permissions you
would give to all your department heads
in a way persistent sub agents if you
want to call it that only for your main
agent which in my case is chief of staff
that you talk to telegram and all of
that you want to give one additional
permission which is manage channels. If
you toggle that, you can simply just
tell Henry or your main agent, create a
bunch of channels on Discord, create all
the channels to invite my other agents
and so on. So you don't have to set up
manually anything on Discord. Your main
agent will handle everything for you.
Right? So this is it. And now that we
have chosen the permissions, let's say
it would be one of your main agents. You
get here a generated URL on the bottom
that you can copy and you open a new
tab. And when you
paste this URL, it will open your
Discord channel that you want to have
created before
and it will pop up here. By the way, if
you want to create a Discord channel,
just click the plus button here. You
click add a server, create my own. You
would say for me and my friends and then
you would give it a name whatever you
want to do and you click create. That's
the first step obviously and then you
can add all your agent to that channel.
Example agent add bot to server create
commands add to server HQ mission
control and you want to press continue.
I'm not going to do that at this stage
because I don't want to invite this
agent to my application. But basically,
that's the process. And you just have to
repeat that four or five times or
however many agents you might have in
your orga team. And that will do. Then
you have created access to all of your
different agents. Now, the last step
that you need to do is you go to your
bot tab again. And here where it says
token, you press reset token. Yes, do
it. You need to enter your password of
your discord
and then you would get a token here.
This token you copy and you paste it
into telegram or you give it to your
main agent. With the agent being a
member of your discord channel and the
token, your main agent can set it all
up. You would start with your main
agent, give him the manage channel
permission, then you would add him to
your discord. That way he can create
different channels. Then you would add
the next agent with the name. Give them
the three permissions that we discussed.
You would give the main agent his token.
You invite him and authorize him to
Discord. And then your main agent
creates one channel precisely for you to
talk only to him. So now I will show you
how that looks in my setup. You will see
here my discord channel and I have the
general channels, the briefing channels,
the work channels, content and all those
channels Henry has access to and Henry
can read. Now I set up agents channel
which are four direct communication
channels to my other persistent agents
that Henry does not have access to. The
problem is with open claw and discord,
you can only set up one channel per
agent. You cannot give multiple agents
access to multiple channels. As far as I
understood, that is not supported. So I
can talk to Nexus.
Hey, what's next on development?
And I would get an answer. Nexus is
typing
Very nice. I can talk to my Mr. X, head
of social media. What is next on your
agenda?
And Mr. X is typing. And the same way
for Ivy and Nox, my other department
heads. There you go. Mr. X replied,
checking my taskboard and what's on the
radar. Honestly, my pretty open right
now. Here's what I have on my plate
based on your morning session
immediately today. You mentioned
recording on Discord sent a video today.
So he knows he's informed. What are my
tasks for today that I'm recording? The
point is I can talk to my social media
agent directly. The same way I can talk
to Nexus, my CTO directly. Merge PR2 add
workflow. There you go. So there's our
open PR that I need to merge into my
project and review it. So, how do I make
sure that Henry, my chief of staff, who
has to know everything constantly,
knows about what's going on with the
conversations and with the actions with
my agents that I'm talking directly.
I've set up in the configuration that if
five minutes pass after my last message,
they automatically have to assume the
conversation is over for now and they
have to post a detailed summary of our
conversation into their specific work
channel. So Nexus would be posting in
dev channel, Mr. X would be posting in
social media, Nox in security, and Ivy
in research. On top of that, they also
post a oneliner in the status channel.
Here you see an example of Ivy chatted
with Nino confirmed 5 minute update rule
details in research. Mr. X YouTube video
analysis complete. Henry video
confirmed. Well, you get the idea. a
quick oneliner like a team update that
Henry can read and if Henry wants to
know more details he can then go into
the channel of dev for example and he
will get a detailed summary of
conversations and actions that have been
taken like that I ensure that nothing
gets lost what is communicated or talked
about with my department heads and Henry
is always up to date that's my current
setup and I think it's working pretty
well and I hope you can take something
away from that. That's it. A full multi-
aent Discord server. Next episode, I'll
show you how to give your agent a secure
email and GitHub account the right way
with scope tokens and one click to
revoke. If you build this or you're
going to build this, drop your Discord
setup in the comments below and
subscribe. We're turning I agent into a
real team, one episode at a time. Hope
to see you in the next one. This.